Hashing and Cryptography (#1362)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/blockchain-development/hashing_and_cryptography.md

> # Calling Contracts

Reviewer: Title

Author: I was getting pretty tired with this one... Damn.

> The Sway standard library provides easy access to hashing (namely `sha256` and Ethereum compatible `keccak256`) operations and Ethereum-compatible Secp256k1-based signature recovery operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sway standard library provides easy access to a selection of cryptographic hash functions (`sha256` and Ethereum-compatible `keccak256`), and Ethereum-compatible secp256k1-based signature recovery operations.
```
